feat(python): add Python module (#947)
coder/registry: registry/attractivetoad/README.md

---
display_name: AttractiveToad
bio: Community modules for Coder workspaces.
github: AttractiveToad
avatar: ./.images/avatar.png
status: community
---

# AttractiveToad

Community modules for Coder workspaces.

## Modules

> - **python**: Install Python 3, pip, venv, and a python alias on Debian/Ubuntu workspaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **python**: Install and manage a configurable Python version with pyenv on Debian/Ubuntu workspaces.
```
